Privacy Policy

Jenny Forsberg built the "I Like Reningsborg" app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Jenny Forsberg at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page informs visitors regarding my policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information for anyone using my Service.

By choosing to use my Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The information collected is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy is consistent with our Terms and Conditions, accessible at "I Like Reningsborg" unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Children’s Privacy

This Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information requested will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. A list of these third-party service providers and their privacy policies are as follows:

Log Data

In case of an error in the app, I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This may include your device's IP address, device name, operating system version, app configuration, time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with small amounts of data used as unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from websites visited and stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not explicitly use “cookies”. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, some portions of this Service may not be available to you.

Service Providers

I employ third-party companies and individuals for these reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, remember no method of transmission over the internet, or electronic storage, is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy periodically. Therefore, I advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Consent

By using this Service, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Service. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

GDPR Compliance

If you are a resident of the European Union (EU), you have certain data protection rights covered by the GDPR. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information. If you wish to be informed about what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

Your rights under the GDPR include the right to access, update, or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

For more detailed information about these rights, please review our full GDPR Compliance statement, available through the app or upon request.

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Compliance

For California residents, the CCPA grants specific rights regarding access to your personal information. We comply with the CCPA and provide California residents with the right to know about the personal information collected, used, and disclosed. You also have the right to request the deletion of your personal information and to not be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, or if you want to exercise your rights under GDPR or CCPA, do not hesitate to contact me at fors1@hotmail.com.
