**Privacy Policy for "I Like Fritidsborg" App**

Last Updated: 27.11.2023

Introduction

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which the "I Like Fritidsborg" app, developed by Jenny Forsberg, collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users. This app is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.

Consent

By using the "I Like Reningsborg" app, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection and Use

While using our Service, we may require you to provide certain personally identifiable information for a better user experience. The requested information is retained on your device and is not collected by us.

Third-Party Service Providers

Children’s Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it immediately.

Log Data

In the event of an error in the app, data and information on your phone, known as Log Data, may be collected. This includes your device's IP address, device name, operating system version, app configuration, and usage times.

Cookies

Cookies are used to store information on your device. Our Service does not explicitly use cookies, but third-party code and libraries might. You have the option to accept or refuse these cookies.

Service Providers

We employ third-party companies and individuals to:

- Facilitate our Service;
- Provide the Service on our behalf;
- Perform Service-related services;
- Assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Security

We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information but cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to update our Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the Service after any changes indicates your acceptance of the new terms.

Contact Us

For any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, contact us at fors1@hotmail.com.
